Dragonborn look very much like dragons standing erect in humanoid form,though they lack wings or a tail.
Bold and hardy, dwarves are known as skilled warriors, miners, and workers of stone and metal.
Elves are a magical people of otherworldy grace, living in the world but not entirely part of it.
Half-elves combine what some say are the best qualities of their elf and human parents.
Humans are the most adaptable and ambitious people among the common races. Whatever drives them, humans are the innovators, the achievers, and the pioneers of the worlds.
A Gnome's enery and enthusiasm for living shines through every inch of his or her tiny body.
The diminutive halfings survive in a world full of larger creatures by avoiding notice or, barring that, avoiding offense.
Some half-orcs rise to become proud leaders of orc communities. Some venture into the world to prove their worth. Many of these become adventurers, achieving greatness for their mighty deeds.
To be greeted with stares and whispers, to suffer violence and insult on the street, to see mistrust and fear in every eye: this is the lof of the tiefling.
Nomadic, lion-like humanoids who rarely interact with other peoples, having all the need in their shimmer homeland.
Satyrs embody a fusion of humanoid civilization with the freedom of wild beasts.
Like owls, owlin are graced with feathers that make no sound when they move or fly, making it easy for them to sneak up on you in the library.
A winged people who originated on the Elemental Plane of Air, Aarakocra soar through the sky wherever they wander.
Whetehr descended from a celestial being or infused with heavenly power, aasimar are mortals who carry a spark of the Upper Planes within their souls.
Embodying many of the airy traits of their otherworldy ancestors, Air Genasi can draw upon their connection to the winds.
Despite their formidable build, bugbears are quiet skulkers, thanks to a fey magic that allows them to hide in spaces seemingly too small for them.
Centaurs gallop throughout the multiverse and trace their origins to many different realms.
For some changelings, a new face is only a disguise. For other changelings a new face may reveal an aspect of their soul.
Deep Gnomes, or svirfneblin, are natives of the Underdark and are suffused with that subterranean realm's magic.
Duergar are dwarves who ancestors were transformed by centuries living in the deepest places of the Underdark.
Tracing their ancestry to dao, the genies of the Elemental Plane of Earth, Earth Genasi inherit Dao's steadfast strength and control over earth.
Eladrin are elves of the Feywild, a realm of perilous beauty and boundless magic.
Infused with the magic of the Feywild, most fairies look like Small elves with insectile wings, but each fairy has a special physical characteristic that sets the fairy apart.
Distant cousins of the giants, the first Firbolg wandered the primeval forests of the multiverse, and the magic of those forests entwined itself with the Firbol's souls.
Descended from efreet, the geniues of the Elemental Plane of Fire, Fire Genase chanael the flamboyant and often destructive nature of flame.
Githyanki complement their physical prowess with psionic might, instilled in them by mind flayers and cultivated over eons in the Astral Plane.
Eons of cultivating their mental powers within the endless chaos of Limbo have imbued Githzerai with the ability to shape psionic energy to protect themselves and probe minds.
Many Goblins pursue their own destinies, escaping the plots of both archfey and gods.
Distanly related to giants and infused with the supernatural essence of their ancestors mountainous home.
Harengons are blessed with a little fey luck, and the often find themselves a few fortunate feet away from dangers during adventures.
Hobgoblins trace their origins to the ancient courts of the Feywild, where they first appeared with their goblin and bugbear kin.
Whatever their true origin, kenku are most often found in the Shadowfell and the Material Plane, and they tend to have the coloration of typical Ravens.
Some of the smallest draconic creatures in the multiverse, kobholds display their draconic ancestry in the glint of their scales and in their roars.
Gifted by the gods with remarkable physical defenses and a mystical connection to the natural world, lizard can survive with just their wits in situations that would be deadly for other folk.
Minotaurs are barrel-chested humanoids with heads resembling those of bulls. Blessed with a supernaturally strong sense of direction, minotaurs make great navigators.
Gruumsh's blessing have made Orcs tireless guardians and mighty allies wherever they are found, even when they turn their devotion to other gods.
Sea Elves fell in love with the wild beauty of the ocean in the earliest days of the multiverse.
Once Shadar-kai were Fey like the rest of their elven kin; now they exist in a state between life and death, thanks to being transformed by the Shadowfell's grim energy.
Humaioids with a bestial aspect, shifters can't fully change shape, but they can temporarily enhance their animalistic features by entering a state they call shifting.
Created by the Cat Lord- a divine being of the Upper Planes- to blend the qualities of humanoids and cats, tabaxi are a varied people in both attitude and apperance.
Carrying their shelter on their backs gives tortles a special feeling of security wherever they go, for even if they visit a far unknown country, they have a place to lay on their heads.
Over time, Triton have extended their stewardship over the sea floor to the ocean's surface.
Water Genasi are perfectly suited to life underwater and carry the power of the waves inside themselves.
Blessed with resistance to magical and poisonous effects by the rituals that created them, each of these Yuan-Ti manifests their serpentine heritage in a variety of ways.